>> Scott Moss: So yeah, so
now that we have the CRUD,
we know a route combination adheres
to some type of CRUD, right?
So if I were just to map
those out very quick,
I'm just gonna write some pseudocode here.
If I were to map those out, I know a GET
request to a /, that would be a create.
I know a GET request to a / id would
also be a create, I'm sorry, not create.
That would be a read.
A GET request to a / id would also be
a read, but it would be a read one.
So I'll just put that.
>> Scott Moss: This is like read many.
If I did a POST request to a /,
that's gonna be a create one.
If I did a PUT request to a / id,
that's gonna be an update one.
And if I did a DELETE request to a / id,
that's gonna be a delete one.
>> Scott Moss: So knowing all that,
if we already made the routes that already
create this routing logic, then all
we gotta do is add these queries inside
of our controllers that change that.
So for the create, for
the GET one, which is read many,
then I would come over here and say,
okay, for read, we have a model.find.
That's gonna read many.
So I will use that one
inside of that controller.
For a read one,
I would use model.findOne or findById.
In this case, we have an id in the URL,
so I would use that id in the URL.
So that's how we get that one.
So that's how all that stuff works.
But because we're gonna generalize them,
what you're gonna do is you're gonna go
down into,
there's a file here called crud.js.
And inside of there, that's where we're
gonna generalize these controllers to
work for
all of the resources that are there.
And then you won't have to create one for
every single one.
So that's what we're gonna
do in the next exercise.